Hey, guys.
Hi.
Umm.
How are you guys doing?
How do you think?
Pretty I'm pretty OK.
Is Max here though.
I think he's gone.
Uh, yeah, you should be coming.
Is one of you at school today?
No, I'm at home.
OK.
Me too.
Let me just quickly text Max.
No.
But he slipping.
Oh, you said.
Oh ****, I forgot.
OK, he's going.
I mean it's it's just a standoff.
Yeah.
So it's only like 10 minutes and then we have our presentation at 4:15 I think.
So how are we going to do that?
Umm, I think we only need to be there from 4:15, so we don't need to join the whole meeting from 2:00 to 5:00.
And I think the whole group needs to be there, but I guess only one person could present and I could do that.
OK.
You know, are you guys turning on your camera during the presentation?
Because I don't have a webcam and I don't wanna be only person like without.
I'm sharing my screen with the PowerPoint, so yeah, you can just.
I don't have the jacket with me, but yeah.
Yeah, let yeah.
I will see what month does if he turns off all the rest of probably.
You know that one.
I don't think it's necessary to put your camera on.
Yeah, but it feels rude not to for some reason.
Yeah.
I mean, if they ask, you can always say that you don't have a webcam.
Lasso literally forgot about it.
Hi, that's fine.
That's fine.
OK.
Just want to do a quick stand up like planned and then we can work on the stuff.
Sure.
Let's start with more about today.
Marwa, what did you do yesterday?
I've been working on the data framework like answering the legal and ethics questions.
Yeah.
So like use case one, I think, right, OK.
And that's going well.
So far yes, but I'm still kind of confused because I I still don't have a list of all the data that we're going to use for this project, so I'm not sure how to answer some questions.
So like a list of all the data that we're going to use would be nice.
OK.
So yeah, I've some of you either Michael or Mexican, send it in the chats.
What you are going to use right now?
The data.
Yeah.
The where you where you gathered from.
Uh.
Yesterday I talked with Irene and Bram about uh, some data we can use for our.
And what's it called for a question?
Yeah.
Research question and they gave me some interesting things we could use.
OK.
Ohh.
So I wanna talk about that a little bit later this meeting.
That's that's fine.
OK.
Umm.
Then second question is something blocking you?
Yeah, aside from this.
No, I don't think so.
As far as things going on.
OK.
And what are you going to do today?
I'm finishing a use case one.
OK, that's good.
And the the presentation, of course.
Yeah.
Presentation.
OK, Michael, what did you do yesterday?
OK, good.
So as as always say looked for data and actually I have some some useful ones on crime and nuisance reports.
And also like on social economics factors, so that can be useful.
OK, that's nice.
Umm yeah.
Yeah, specifically, OK.
And So what I'm going to do, what's blocking me and probably those other find a lot of data, but it's often like generally for the whole Netherlands or like the regions, it's hard to find something for Breda, but yeah.
So that's the thing.
And then today?
Yeah, I would hope to find more.
Some, like some data, maybe on some news reports for example, or something about public transport safety like this is like some indirect factors that may.
OK.
Yeah, that's maybe useful for all research question.
And then Max, you did a lot yesterday.
So tell us what you did.
Yes.
Yeah.
So I worked on a that Geo Panda stuff which is ******* difficult, but I kind of know what to do now.
OK, good.
OK.
Uh, I managed to combine two different data sets, but I still have to like visualize them in Geo pandas or using Geo pandas.
And that.
So I'm gonna work on that today.
OK.
And yesterday I talked with Irene and Bram about uh, that I just don't know where to look for data.
Yeah.
And then I don't know what data to use, so they gave me some.
The information or a data sets that I could use that are, uh, that could be important for our research question and we could look for a UM, what's it called?
Data from the Livability index.
OK.
Mm-hmm.
So we need to look for data from that we could look for.
Uh green index.
Umm.
OK.
Because, uh, if you think about hobos, for example, hobos cuts live more in areas with where the green index is higher than in areas where the green index is lower.
That's fair.
True.
Ohh.
That's yeah. OK.
So something like that we could use a lot of data from the police database like they told us already.
We could use geographical data and data from the bar registrations.
OK, so a lot of the uh.
I mean.
Yep, we could also use data from the data set data played out.
Yeah.
Uh, I don't know.
Uh, move house?
Are we talking about?
You could also you could also use data from yeah a lot.
So we need.
I mean, I have a data folder of registrated public nuisance of of like the last 10 years.
I think I could share that with you guys.
I think you could use it.
That's OK.
Yeah, that will be.
Yeah, just share it into this chest.
Yeah, like I'll, I also, yeah, sure.
I also find data yesterday, but like I wasn't sure if it was so like a valid for this question about uh police reaction time and the different neighborhoods.
And Britta, I don't know if we could use that.
And I guess that.
I'll be right back if you.
SEC.
What?
OK.
I'm in the kitchen.
That's.
May.
What happened?
Block my young broke.
No.
Yet.
OK.
What did he do?
Uh, OK, so we could use data from those data sets.
So green index, livability, index data, Prada, they also added the new data set, which is called map of 100 meters by 100 meters, with statistics from the CBS.
Right.
Which I also, uh, implemented in the geopend stuff on VS code.
Umm.
Heat stress index.
You could also use uh, for example, in areas where the heat is higher or lower than in other areas, I hobos tend to live.
Almost.
Longer or more?
When it's OK.
And I'll when we have combined all that data we could.
Visualize it in a correlation matrix.
Sounds good.
Yeah. OK.
No.
Like we did and I think block see.
Yes.
Like because.
So that's what Bram told me.
OK, so this is nice like right now.
Yep.
Yeah, this is definitely useful.
I think we lacked the data like that's about some factors and now you give a lot of ideas, but that's yeah.
Soda correlation matrix is one thing we have to do, which is which can be really important.
Yeah.
Umm yeah.
Data from CBS uh data override stuff like that.
Yeah, we still have a lot to do, like a lot.
Yeah.
Yeah, but yeah, we have first have to present it to them anyway, and they will, I think if it's feedback or ask questions and we can.
Listen to what they want.
Right.
Yep.
You're good.
Oh, and I'm almost forgetting myself, but what I did yesterday was basically the risk assessments.
I'm almost done with it, so I identified the risk.
I assess the risks.
OK.
Sounds good.
Is there a place for that?
I added some mitigations and for now I have put most of them in the monitoring tab, but I will have to see those checklists again because I had to change a few of them because we changed the research question so I will finish up today and also prepare the presentation because I will present and yeah, if you guys need any help you can also text me.
Do you have to do like actually presentation like PowerPoint and do everything from scratch?
Or is there some signal template for the?
Uh what?
What do you mean but?
Ohh.
Brown said in in teams is just use the pitch template we used for Ali Chong.
Umm.
Did you already change that template that I gave you?
Yeah, yeah, I worked on that.
Ohh and you also put in data and stuff.
Yeah, I still have to put in data because I don't.
I don't have the data yet.
OK.
I mean just just an example.
Thanks.
So I will.
Or you can also put in all the data datasets we are going to use like data from green index with ability, stuff like that.
Yes.
Yeah, I will.
I will add that before the presentation.
Yeah, that's it's today.
I'm by the way, gonna work on the geopend a stuff.
OK.
Alright.
Trying to get that to work and if I can get that to work, I'll probably work on something else, but I'm not sure what yet.
OK.
Yeah, I think getting at least use case one finished of legal and then risk assessment finished presentation done and most of the data gathering I think we should be fine for tomorrow.
And then tomorrow we'll meet at 9.
At school we have the fair review.
Yeah.
And we have to fill that in in the morning for each other and then we have the Sprint review.
Yep.
Yes.
Sounds good, no?
Yep, cool.
Then I'll leave you guys to it if you need anything, just text me.
I can help with other stuff too.
Yep.
OK.
No, thank you.
Bye bye.
See you guys.
Child.
OK.